UPDATE YOUR GITHUB PAGES GAME

1. Extract this ZIP completely.
2. Copy the CONTENTS of BITBOUND_Python_DSA into your existing repository
   root, replacing the previous game files. Keep a backup of your version.
   Include app/, adventure/, runtime/, vendor/, index.html, styles.css,
   game-windows.css, manifest.webmanifest, offline-manifest.json and sw.js.
   Keep .nojekyll too. Upload the files, not the ZIP by itself.
3. Commit and push. Git or GitHub Desktop is convenient for the whole folder.
   The package already contains its generated files: no npm or build step.
4. If needed, set the repository's Pages publishing source to your branch
   and its root folder. Keep an existing working Pages setup if you have one.
5. Wait for the deployment to finish, then open your website link, such as:
   https://YOUR-USERNAME.github.io/YOUR-REPOSITORY/
6. Close old game tabs and reopen the link. If an old version still appears,
   reload while online. Export saved progress before clearing any site data.
7. Confirm the opening screen shows Python Lab Mode | Story Mode.
   Python Lab opens the full IDE; Story Mode opens character setup.
8. Leave the page open online until it says:
   Offline ready · app files cached · progress saves manually
   Only app files download automatically (about 15 MB uncompressed).
9. Share that SAME website link with students. Each student must complete
   the first download in their own browser before using it offline.

No student account, local Python installation, or backend is required.
Offline play uses the same address and browser with site data retained.
Simply opening a link and immediately disconnecting cannot download all
files. An interrupted download shows Retry and resumes when connected.
Private browsing or clearing/evicting site storage can remove offline files.

The website supports repository subpaths. Do not remove runtime files:
Python runs on each student's device using the included engine.
New visits start fresh. Old browser student data is ignored.
Students explicitly use Save file and Load file for their own JSON saves.
Use New player before handing over an already-open game.
Legacy adventure links redirect into the game. A direct legacy workspace URL
redirects to the full-page Python Lab.

AFTER EDITING SOURCE
  python scripts/build.py
This rebuilds the game/editor bundles and content-versioned offline files.
Edit adventure/systems/ rather than the generated adventure/game.js.
