BITBOUND - PYTHON PRACTICE

1. Extract the ZIP completely.
2. On Windows with Python 3 installed, double-click START_WINDOWS.bat.
   Leave the server window open. It opens the game in your browser.
   If a port is blocked or busy, the launcher tries another automatically.
   On macOS/Linux: python3 scripts/serve.py
3. The USTP Game Dev Guild card plays briefly. Click Continue to skip.
   The next screen offers Python Lab Mode | Story Mode.
   Python Lab Mode opens the full Python IDE with a fresh free-code workspace.
   Story Mode opens character design and companion selection.
   New Expedition starts the animated Stoneborn Oath before the first world.
   Next advances the story. Pause animation keeps the text on screen; Resume continues from that moment.
4. Use Choose mode to return to the opening screen. The floating Python Lab
   button is removed. Save file first if you want to keep your work.
   In Story Mode, shrines and terminals open their own coding challenges.
5. In a mission: read the task, write Python, Run, then Check challenge.
   For input(), fill Program input before running, one answer per line.
6. To share with students, upload ALL folder contents to GitHub Pages.
   See DEPLOY_TO_GITHUB.txt. Students need only the website link.
7. Keep the game open online until its banner says Offline ready.
   Only app files download automatically (roughly 16 MB uncompressed).
   Then reopen the same link in the same browser without internet.
8. Save file downloads your session as JSON. Keep it in Downloads.
   Load file continues ONLY the file you choose. Story saves also include
   Python work. Save before closing, reloading or changing modes.
9. New player resets the current session before sharing a device.
   New visits start fresh. Old browser progress is ignored.

Do not double-click index.html. Use the launcher or the HTTPS website link.
No npm install, API key, paid Python service, or student account is needed.
Python installation is only needed on a PC running the local server.
The hosted game runs Python inside students' browsers.

Rendering adapts automatically on slower devices. The game pauses while you code.
The first Python startup takes time; later runs reuse the ready engine.
Offline files must finish saving and remain in the browser's site storage.
Clearing site data removes offline app files. Keep student save files separately.

Teacher instructions: docs/TEACHER_GUIDE.md
Developer instructions: docs/ARCHITECTURE.md

NEW COMBAT OPTIONS
Field Guide (C or slot 4): choose from 21 skills. K or the Skill touch button casts.
Q or the weapon slot cycles collected gear. Nine mob types appear across the worlds.
Byte is wider; all four companions have redesigned, animated sprites.

THE STONEBORN OATH (v24)
World 1: defeat the warden, take its key, return left to the prisoners, E / Use.
Your four companions then help in combat. Speak to BYTE before new concepts.
World 4: defeat the Oathforge Castellan, meet the company at the portal, and escape the cell.
Final world: throne-path task, paladin fight, BFS barrier task, then Veyr + BYTE.
Boss warning marks tell you where an attack will land. Dash and double-jump.
The fused crown opens only during its gold recovery window. That is your chance.
Save file during scenes or in the prison to resume there next time.
Full chapter guide (contains spoilers): docs/STORY_MODE.md

V18: Articulated movement and combat, unique story actors, enclosed prison and corrected BYTE departure/return. See docs/V18_VALIDATION.md for checks.

V23 COMPLETE RUNE LESSONS
Approach or attack a rune-marked creature to enter a Python/DSA question battle.
Complete up to four questions in the set, then Back to the trail.
Show a clue helps if stuck. Save file is available while answering.
The world pauses while you answer. There is no Step away bypass.
Wrong answers cost no health. Boss fights and story scenes cannot be interrupted.
There are still 48 coding shrines/terminal tasks, plus 268 roaming questions.
The separate teacher answer-key HTML file is for testing, not student distribution.

Question order is fixed within each world, in four teaching stages. The next
encounter gives the first unfinished lesson. Completed worlds review in order.
See docs/QUESTION_COVERAGE.md for the full world-by-world learning path.

Every question in your world is required, not just one question per topic.
Find the STAGE 1/2/3/4 sentry before each shrine and press E / Use.
It supplies all remaining questions for that stage, even with no roaming mobs.
The shrine requires its stage; terminal and portal require all world lessons.
Mission GPS shows your exact trail lesson progress.
World counts: 40, 32, 32, 32, 32, 32, 32, 36 = 268 trail questions.
World 4 uses applied code tracing/debugging and collections/object problems.
Older World 4 save files retain their story/shrines but reopen those revised lessons.

V24 CHARACTER UPDATE
Human faces, one shared character rig, continuous walk cadence, natural gestures,
settled fall poses and physically draped cloth. See docs/V24_VALIDATION.md.
